## format: url | genre

## feeds without genre will be added as 'uncategorized'
## works with any rss feed: blog, tumblr, Reddit, google news, etc.

http://www.post-punk.com/feed/ | postpunk
https://theblogginggoth.com/feed/ | postpunk
http://www.systemsofromance.com/blog/feed/ | postpunk
http://www.darkgrave.com/reviews/feed | postpunk
http://gothic-rock.com/feed/ | postpunk
http://www.cvltnation.com/feed/ | postpunk
http://wilfullyobscure.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default | postpunk
https://formalcontentsonly.wordpress.com/feed/ | postpunk
http://www.postpunk.de/?feed=rss2 | postpunk
http://heiligetod.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default | postpunk
http://neo-folk.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default | postpunk
http://gothicembrace.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default | postpunk

https://www.reddit.com/r/goth.rss | postpunk 
https://www.reddit.com/r/postpunk.rss | postpunk 
https://www.reddit.com/r/releasethebats.rss | postpunk
https://www.reddit.com/r/postpunk.rss | postpunk
https://www.reddit.com/r/deathrock.rss | postpunk

http://awakeonsundaynight.tumblr.com/rss | postpunk

https://news.google.com/news?q="postpunk"&output=rss&num=20 | postpunk
https://news.google.com/news?q="darkwave"&output=rss&num=20 | postpunk
https://news.google.com/news?q="goth music"&output=rss&num=20 | postpunk
https://news.google.com/news?q="gothic music"&output=rss&num=20 | postpunk


http://feeds.feedblitz.com/musicfog | americana
http://twangville.com/feed/ | americana
http://www.texasmusictimes.com/texasmusictimes.xml | americana
http://www.thealternateroot.com/?format=feed&type=rss | americana
https://americanamusicshow.com/feed/ | americana
https://fiddlefreak.com/feed/ | americana 
https://grassclippingsblog.com/feed | americana
https://posttowire.com/feed/ | americana
https://timberandsteel.wordpress.com/feed | americana
https://www.reddit.com/r/altcountry.rss | americana
https://www.reddit.com/r/americana.rss | americana
